Yes Hello care what 19 is for example d Star game it is today to the 11 now
I think I've got a base
Oops of confrontation
It's a theme, yes , thank you very much for doing 1 return keep.
I will
I myself is side there it is an in-Fen child do not know this procedure
Kao Dora Rinko I'm Chaos Dragon Ninja I'm here
fat based on child composition zone
Lagrefa Heavy Pattern Aoishima
Knight of the end
God's death Darukamu how the last
It is dead resuscitation yes
Well we ne Yes entered the users had ne Yes quite pretty cans entered the restricted card both of whom
Certainly I selection while thule was taken Yes
Opponent Guardlo x Play yeah clips are now
Mad course can either darkness monster best tree effectively triggered You forceps Kissho of weekend
It is a base and it is this turn draw
Drose's
3 sheets of water
Great Greffer's Letters Letter Effect
Send popular game to graveyard
But the special is the aircraft itself when you successfully special summon this card when the other team on the theme is 0
Monster tentatively 10,000 that had pliers dance
Us not lose face 1 to meet with it in centimeters is not anymore
Give it one more time in the chain
In Fiend such continue to by say better of peace draw monster level Heraklion to place solving the following
Other than Mirage
Reading the monster that different gauge has built a present in the cemetery by technology to have in two is er
It is mon six in the crotch of Mont
According to the country in the delay and it is a scene towards Well Innovation It is here, but Well at this point
Beat the Verah to bite that the age and regular is not Bella
I can predict
Chain guess is before that issued want to ginkgo park chain is a good prefer Nico Mr.
Was two because Chimau chest from suit or rather Tara one's and the United States how the next
Even if it is beaten by the US, it's all right because the other side is included.
Yes
US not but resolved in one second of time is 8 also bang is removed No it one more time because the most in Well
Que the cemetery dick or Ekushisu in Chen activated from the period in their own time of one or more hard
battle
Because when it is by excluding management Bato Loco of cover to the devil monster level something special number
The
ever 's the other side's feature when it thinks according to the image that exists in the graveyard when there are no crazy
Adds one answer transformer cards in time to zero magic to hand it to you but somewhere I
Break s sleep and shake, but somewhere in Raymon
When it is Shi-shi Western-style food damage it is the tempest of Aichi yin line
Move and beat
1 It feels like this was a diversion
I like It was more my best deployment Lohan
Radish Cyclo-A is around
I hit it for a break
Well, I'm forced to do it completely because there is also a complete break, so completely
How is it that it moved here to put out the dam ?
Pot radar Hey zepp for gridiron Pumpkin I who you full use of the weekend of postnatal Agency in Succoth
Special Summoner
A going to see cherry blossoms at night I more through
In a place called one's child or Ekushi likely of Hey grease sumo Well place the original fc summoned Chinhoshi
As if you were able to send monsters from the house, there were nine Ua 9 a three times freely
Such
Nam's effect
Black First destruction round effect in
Somewhere Lamb had in it useless a memorial place
Oranshi Te-based destruction to Critter end
The Yes it does not not another was 6-1 Nikoichi
12-crafted gathered
Turn to the other party paper cover sheet set
This is how last the last festival
I target is the city set card trunk line of the last activation
If this is supposed to be fat Itei j If it is accused of 0 grave this card in the graveyard
It also has a special resembles a static thing that had Cheat dance N Chin Hashiyo III by sending to
Games and land masa
But your hand a card that had a good reply dance Once you when the other team is Special Summoned at the time of the 0 sheet
Add to
I went defensive display longer the effect activation of Kramer summoned big romance in Eguro Mercer
It will increase or even reading
The effect of the language should be large, but it can be made at the time of 0 cards, and it will be over 1 card that has a great deal of sunshine
fat greek
Break zfc production gram
Hmm
For example xi Ministry of management of Bayer called the other station c 2 is facing his own child by excluding one
of
There is a special type of monster from weak increase levels .
Is it a child of gamma
No girdle
Wow , that 's right. Fighting car When the other party 's good power is raised 500 points Car you drive yourself
Let's improve the wheel 5000 point of
It is suicide suicide in ne Revival ale
It is the end of the turn as it is here.
Opponent's turn mud
error
It is a festival to the rain
The change to the web reset
This turn mud
Sell ​​well
From extra dispatch station to city ​​bus hard
Greffer Summoner
Fans coming
Three hundred million chestnut list 50 with Mr. Matsuki
Fake letter board
Lhasa Station sheath of children fraction is one of the lock poor hairdresser also go the scoring in the aftermath
Disabled in layer
Horse sashimi is I Is not it quite unusual I
In quack man of great disconnect in effect triggered
It was towards the breeders because these amounts are not significant in large measure to this kind of place
To the left like Butterfly Assassin second easy uniform
It feels like yes
Thank you 8 users
Well that's right
This time there was quite a certain number of McTell prescribed-
Enter I do you, such was good
Oh dear
Was worrisome is also another nice little conversion to is you I Yes Secretary Ntte feel of was hard
Knitted 1 still in their flow of if where not gone better
I'm sorry, but I felt like I said something a bit more
I feel like it was a bit messy from the movement of the bookstore
I'm I'm I think Na or not it is your money accumulated Yes
It is difficult because I headliners range
Well, the other side is feeling that I dropped the ramen because I was a little concerned
Yes belonging other darkness Mikio Tanabe
Entered or bar is I sound say Otosuko life
The face ticks are dark I'm a 8
Critters such as Hanzo
weekend
It is about Atreameme The same dam tool or only it is included Yes
Oh
Catching Why Huh another completely human
I wonder if the radar has dropped in order to increase the probability to free space
Yes, even I will have to say
Yes But I do but I do not Kanewakan the butterfly is I quite everyone
As it is one of the monsters that agriculturally remove one Xyz material, it is quite
Yes, I hope to Na or not it matches the reply to
Well it'd might be that good of thickness to it monetary is there
You can drop 82 pieces of ir section with diamonds, but by destroying yourself
In addition it is possible Tteyuu over been pulled at Toka original Te taken to Hi single Fenti
Is
Yes It is one of quite important card I can towards You're fat Xyz
Ah ah ah
Thank you for watching this time until the end of this time
Chongqing car what day is not it